Consentext AI Gateway: This is Consentext AI Gateway. It is the governed product layer for sensitive health AI requests. The trust boundary is chosen before any AI action happens.
Four Governed Lanes: The main feature is the lane system. Each lane changes the boundary, the controls, and the return behavior.
Guided Task Selection: The task composer keeps the comparison honest. The product can also recommend the right lane and explain why.
Boundary Review: Before any request runs, the product stops at boundary review. It makes clear what stays inside, what may leave, and which controls are active.
External Controls: For the external lanes, the site keeps approval, payload minimization, and provider connection mode visible, including managed and bring your own key options.
Governed Return Flow: When the result comes back, it is lane labeled and returned through Consentext. Provenance, references, and the audit trail stay visible.
Side-by-Side Comparison: The compare view makes the tradeoffs easy to scan. The same task is compared across all four lanes for boundary, connection, payload, and output.
Presenter Workflow: The prototype also includes presenter tools, including demo scenes, review mode, summaries, share links, and persistent state.
Why It Matters: The main takeaway is that this is not a generic AI front end. It is a governed product layer that keeps the trust boundary explicit and keeps Consentext in the middle.
Consentext AI Gateway: That is the Consentext AI Gateway walkthrough. The product value is governed routing, visible boundaries, and Consentext staying in the middle.